1.
TensorFlow is an open source framework developed by Google researchers to run machine learning,
 deep learning and other statistical and predictive analytics workloads.
It executes machine learning and neural networks with the help of python. 
It builds an environment of networks to experiment with the algorithms of machine learning and 
visualizes it using flow graphs.

TensorFlow is among the best libraries available for accomplishing deep learning. 
Developed by Google, the ML library is a get-it-started-instantly option for product-based firms as it
 offers excellent model prototyping, production, and everything in between.
2.
ensorFlow implements a subset of the NumPy API, available as tf. experimental. numpy .
 This allows running NumPy code, accelerated by TensorFlow, while also allowing access to all of TensorFlow's APIs.
Tensorflow is a library for artificial intelligence, especially machine learning.
 Numpy is a library for doing numerical calculations.
3.
Creates a sequence of numbers that begins at start and extends by increments of delta up to but not including limit . 
The dtype of the resulting tensor is inferred from the inputs unless it is provided explicitly.
 Like the Python builtin range , start defaults to 0, so that range(n) = range(0, n) .
tf. constant is useful for asserting that the value can be embedded that way. 
If the argument dtype is not specified, then the type is inferred from the type of value .
 # Constant 1-D Tensor from a python list.
4.
TensorFlow represents tensors as n-dimensional arrays of base datatypes. 
Each element in the Tensor has the same data type, and the data type is always known. The shape (that is,
 the number of dimensions it has and the size of each dimension) might be only partially known.
5.
To determine how far the predicted values deviate from the actual values in the training data. 
We change the model weights to make the loss minimum, and that is what training is all about.
6.
Below is a list of the metrics that we can use in Keras on classification problems.
Binary Accuracy: binary_accuracy, acc.
Categorical Accuracy: categorical_accuracy, acc.
Sparse Categorical Accuracy: sparse_categorical_accuracy.
Top k Categorical Accuracy: top_k_categorical_accuracy (requires you specify a k parameter)
7.
Step 1: Import the necessary module. First, let us import the necessary modules − 
from keras import backend as K from keras. 
Step 2: Define a layer class. 
Step 3: Initialize the layer class. 
Step 4: Implement build method. 
Step 5: Implement call method. 
Step 6: Implement compute_output_shape method.
8.
 the trainingOptions function does not provide the training options that we need for your task,
 or custom output layers do not support the loss functions that we need, then we can define a custom training loop. 
For networks that cannot be created using layer graphs, we can define custom networks as a function.
9.
activate tensorflow.
pip install tf.contrib.keras.preprocessing.
conda install tf.contrib.keras.preprocessing.
10.
Step-1) Load Data.
Step-2) Define Keras Model.
Step-3) Compile The Keras Model.
Step-4) Start Training (Fit the Model)
Step-5) Evaluate the Model.
Step-6) Making Predictions.
EndNote.


